Now let me go back to the colors though.
Obviously we have so many colors here and typically it is of course best if you set them all because
they're all getting used in different places by the different built in components.
So I don't automatically use as a contrast color in certain cases or the danger color in certain cases.
So just setting one color as we're currently doing it is not really an option that will not really provide
a nice look.
So what can we do about that.
Thankfully in the official box there also is a color Generator tool and this is a tool that allows you
to generate all these colors nicely here in the browser and you only pick your nine main colors and
then you can automatically copy and use this set of variables which is generated based on your selections.
So all these contrast colors for your picked colors or the shaded colors so it's slightly darker awareness
of your colors all these variables are generated automatically for you by just picking the main colors.
So now here we can click on this color here and then open that color picker.
And now here all choose this reddish color again as my main color.
And then I click here to bring up that picture again and use a secondary color.
Maybe that is a in the more or more in this area dark purple ish and my tertiary color is maybe even
further in the purple area.
And success should be greenish but maybe like this a slightly darker green could be that warning Yeah
you're more of an orange color maybe danger let's all adjust is to be a bit more red and I'm happy with
dark and medium and light.
And once all of this is set and of course feel free to set up any styles that work for you or that you
like once you're happy with the theme you can just copy down there and then go back to your code and
that here just replace your entire root element here which sets up the colors for the entire app or
the variables for an entire app with what you just copied.
And now I have that nice set of colors with all the different shades and tints and therefore now is
the Zap restarts.
We'll have an application where all the colors work nicely together.